I love have it for girls
This is a good app
வெரி குட் ஆப்ஸ்
It fits me at this present tim
Too many ads.
Easy to use!
Very use full app Nice
I really enjoy the. Facebook Lite.because I have been using the full version about Five years ago and I literally just got done. perfect 72Get out degree. . and you cant get back get though back GodBL
Awesome
Fantastic I love you
It's 4 in 1 pkg.love it.all apps needed in ONE
happiness
Too many ads.. It freezes at least twice a day!!
All good except adds
I love how you can look back over the years and see picture you post
Simple&brilliant (&small)
من چنینم که نمودن دگر ایشان دانند عهدمابالب شیرین دهنان بست خدای ما همه بنده ایم واین قوم خداوندانند
Way too many ads. I don't mind ads. U r taking advantage. Not playing fair! Can easily uninstall u!
Nice and I love it
I'm new to it but I think it's going to kick
THE GOSPEL PLAN OF SALVATION
@#6Hazel james harly antipuesto for the kids
Convenient and easy to use
SamuelGilgalli palamoottil gilgal Manjakala pulimukh Thalavoor Avaneeswaram rspo pin 691508
Cool...amazing app
Good
Very nice!
its verry good app
Supeb
It's sorter a new app too me, but I think I'm going to like this!
so far so good but please remove your ads as i already give u 5star
Its very slow at times especially when opening the icons on th menu and so many adds.
I love it and it takes up less storage space and that's always great bc u have messenger and facebook all in one... love it
I can have a Facebook and address an entirely new audience all from the same device. What's not to love!
This is a good app however, I haven't used this app enough to say more than this; your app just seems to make everything run smoother, thank you !!
It's nice
Their's to many ads its easy to use and pretty fast, but once again have to many ads...
I am so pleased, this is a huge improvement over the old apps I've used.
It's the best when my WiFi not so up to standard.
THE WORD MUST KNOW CHRIST.
It freezes alot
faltu hai bhosri k
Van jiyas
I do like features of the App
Cooler than The Originals
It is awesome
Love it
I like it!
,reaponce,app
NiceWow

